the competition that we had today was a
future TP race is what it involves her
tales of kicked into TP full-size TP
flora by the time we in my 17 poles and
it had to be set up or preventable and
the shortest time was the one I was
overall winner this time get his
competition the longest time was 14
minutes shortest time the winner West
said a little over seven minutes so it
was quite a very fast time involved in
setting up Kiki's competition the
competition cell phone starts off with
gravity drags out and measuring it to
make sure that the time that that the
measurements are right for your type did
he tie your foundation that put up all
the rest those remaining poles and then
uh then button it up and uh just take it
out so usually you kind of do this at
leisurely pace seven minutes is kind of
a slow amount of time there's a first
time we've got a TP race here to work
just probably 1977 1960s so this has
been a long time coming
to come back in however up they have a
DP race that's very well attended up in
a university of montana where there they
had the winning time was a more minutes
floor mats on second so they were moving
so it was a lot different for the
competition here today but this is a lot
a lot of fun a lot of fun today
dismissed as we go what we're going to
do the future hopefully we'll be able to
of shameless crime sound good laboratory
all this
you